React: update 'render' and 'component' descriptions (#5676)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/50 React Components/40 Component Configuration Syntax/55 Markup Customization/0 Markup Customization.md

> You can define custom content in DevExtreme components. We supply 2 types of properties for this task: ones that end with *'render'*, and ones that end with *'component'*.

Reviewer: A couple of name examples would be great.

> You can define custom content in DevExtreme components. We supply 2 types of properties for this task: ones that end with *'render'* (for example, [cellRender](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellRender)), and ones that end with *'component'* (for example, [cellComponent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellComponent)).

Reviewer 2: No big changes, just a number of minor comments. 

The word "define" seemed like it only described half of what we need to say. The ultimate goal is to present/display custom content. Maybe embed custom content. And it doesn't work well with the preposition "in". I used "display" and it feels more straightforward. 

"2" -> "two", because usually we spell out such numbers, unless it's a property value (or any other case where it's important to display the numeric form). 

Replaced "ones" with "those". And capitalized "render" and "component", since they seem to appear capitalized in property names. 

```suggestion
You can display custom content in DevExtreme components. We supply two types of properties for this task: those that end with *'Render'* (for example, [cellRender](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellRender)), and those that end with *'Component'* (for example, [cellComponent](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#cellComponent)).
```

> The *'render'* properties allow you to employ a rendering function. Whatever you return with this function is rendered in a virtual DOM, and this rendering does not happen again unless explicitly triggered. Refer to the following article to see an example: [Using a Rendering Function](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Rendering_Function).

Reviewer 3: ...Whatever you return with this function is rendered in a virtual DOM. The function itself is not rendered as a component, so it does not have state and cannot call hooks. Its benefit is that you can create such a function inside your component, wrap it in `useCallback`, then pass local variables as dependencies and use them in the template.

> With *'component'* properties, you work with a single component as a template. This template component is rendered in the virtual DOM, and any changes trigger a rerender of the component. Refer to the following article to see an example: [Using a Custom Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Custom_Component).

Reviewer 3: ...This template component is rendered in the virtual DOM. Since it is rendered as a component, it can have its internal state and use hooks inside, which is not possible with render functions.

> The *'render'* properties allow you to employ a rendering function. Whatever you return with this function is rendered in a virtual DOM. The rendering function is not a component: it lacks state and cannot utilize hooks. However, you can create the rendering function inside your component, enclosed within the [useCallback](https://react.dev/reference/react/useCallback). You can pass local variables as dependencies, allowing you to use them in your template. Refer to the following article to see an example: [Using a Rendering Function](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Rendering_Function).

Reviewer 2: We try not to use articles with plural nouns, unless we refer to a very specific group. So that's what I'm changing in the first sentence. 

In the second, I want to get rid of passive. I'm also not sure about the phrase "return with the function". So I'm turning this into an active phrase - "component calls... and renders ... ".

In the third, you refer to "the function". But I think you are actually stating the fact that is true for any function. You are not just talking about one specific function you mentioned earlier. So we need to return to indefinite article. 

"allowing you to use them" - that's the kind of ING word that's ambiguous. Maybe "dependencies" allow to do something, maybe "variables" allow to do something, maybe the fact that you "pass" variables allows you to do something. And it in the end, I don't even think the word "allowing" is necessary. 

```suggestion
*'Render'* properties allow you to employ rendering functions. A DevExpress control calls the specified function and renders the return value to the virtual DOM. Note that a rendering function is not a component: it lacks state and cannot utilize hooks. However, you can create a rendering function inside your component and enclose it within the [useCallback](https://react.dev/reference/react/useCallback) hook. You can pass local variables as dependencies and use them in your template. The following article contains an example: [Using a Rendering Function](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Rendering_Function).
```

> With *'component'* properties, you work with a single component as a template. This template component is rendered in the virtual DOM. Since it is rendered as a component, it can have its internal state and use hooks inside, which is not possible with render functions. Refer to the following article to see an example: [Using a Custom Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Custom_Component).

Reviewer 2: I'm trying to navigate between the words "component" that may mean a property, a React component concept, or a DevExpress component. 

Also, you were calling them "rendering functions" in the previous paragraph, but this one says "render functions". I'm changing it for consistency. 

```suggestion
*'Component'* properties use React components to specify templates. A DevExpress control renders those templates to the virtual DOM. Since a template is a component, it can have its internal state and use hooks inside (which is not possible with rendering functions). The following article contains an example: [Using a Custom Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_a_Custom_Component).
```

> In some cases, you need to use the *'template'* properties instead. Refer to the following article to learn more: [Using the Template Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_the_Template_Component).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, you need to use the *'Template'* properties instead. Refer to the following article to learn more: [Using the Template Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_the_Template_Component).
```

> In some cases, you need to use the *'Template'* properties instead. Refer to the following article to learn more: [Using the Template Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_the_Template_Component).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In some cases, you need to use the *'Template'* properties instead. Refer to the following article for more information: [Using the Template Component](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/Component_Configuration_Syntax/#Markup_Customization/Using_the_Template_Component).
```
